[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114341)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/persistent_storage/persistent-storage-ocs.adoc

> toc::[]
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> {rh-storage-first} is a provider of agnostic persistent storage for {product-title} supporting file, block, and object storage, either in-house or in hybrid clouds. As a Red Hat storage solution, {rh-storage-first} is completely integrated with {product-title} for deployment, management, and monitoring. For more information, see {rh-storage-first} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can deploy {rh-storage-first} in your {product-title} cluster as software-defined storage for containers.

{rh-storage} is a provider of agnostic persistent storage for {product-title} supporting file, block, and object storage, either in-house or in hybrid clouds. As a Red Hat storage solution, {rh-storage-first} is completely integrated with {product-title} for deployment, management, and monitoring. For more information, see {rh-storage-first} documentation.
```
